README.md, before:

GeoMAN
======
[GeoMAN](https://github.com/yoshall/GeoMAN): Multi-level Attention Networks for Geo-sensory Time Series Prediction.

*An easy implement of GeoMAN using TensorFlow, Tested on `CentOS 7` and `Windows Server 2012 R2`.*

## Paper 
[Yuxuan Liang](http://yuxuanliang.com), Songyu Ke, Junbo Zhang, Xiuwen Yi, [Yu Zheng](http://urban-computing.com/yuzheng), "[GeoMAN: Multi-level Attention Networks for Geo-sensory Time Series Prediction](http://yuxuanliang.com/assets/pdf/ijcai-18.pdf)", IJCAI 2018.

If you find this code useful for your research, please cite our paper:

```
@article{liang2018geoman,
  title={GeoMAN: Multi-level Attention Networks for Geo-sensory Time Series Prediction},
  author={Liang, Yuxuan and Ke, Songyu and Zhang, Junbo and Yi, Xiuwen and Zheng, Yu},
  booktitle={IJCAI},
  year={2018}
}
```

## Framework
![](images/framework.png)

## Code Usage
### Preliminary
GeoMAN uses the following dependencies: 
* [TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow#download-and-setup) > 1.2.0
* numpy and scipy.
* CUDA 8.0 or latest version. And **cuDNN** is highly recommended. 

### Guide
The model implement mainly lies in "GeoMAN.py" and "base_model.py" and both of them are well commented. To train or test our model, please follow the presented notebooks.

### License
GeoMAN is released under the MIT License (refer to the LICENSE file for details).

Commit message:

add a link to air quality data

README.md, after:

**GeoMAN**
======
[GeoMAN](https://github.com/yoshall/GeoMAN): Multi-level Attention Networks for Geo-sensory Time Series Prediction.

*An easy implement of GeoMAN using TensorFlow, Tested on `CentOS 7` and `Windows Server 2012 R2`.*

## Paper 
[Yuxuan Liang](http://yuxuanliang.com), Songyu Ke, Junbo Zhang, Xiuwen Yi, [Yu Zheng](http://urban-computing.com/yuzheng), "[GeoMAN: Multi-level Attention Networks for Geo-sensory Time Series Prediction](http://yuxuanliang.com/assets/pdf/ijcai-18.pdf)", IJCAI 2018.

If you find this code and dataset useful for your research, please cite our paper:
****
```
@article{liang2018geoman,
  title={GeoMAN: Multi-level Attention Networks for Geo-sensory Time Series Prediction},
  author={Liang, Yuxuan and Ke, Songyu and Zhang, Junbo and Yi, Xiuwen and Zheng, Yu},
  booktitle={IJCAI},
  year={2018}
}
```

## Dataset
The dataset we use for model training is detailed in Section 4.1 of our paper, which is still under processing for release. You can test the code using the air quality data from 2014/5/1 to 2015/4/30. [[Click here for datasets](http://urban-computing.com/data/Data-1.zip)].

## Framework
![](images/framework.png)

## Code Usage
### Preliminary
GeoMAN uses the following dependencies: 
* [TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow#download-and-setup) > 1.2.0
* numpy and scipy.
* CUDA 8.0 or latest version. And **cuDNN** is highly recommended. 

### Guide
The model implement mainly lies in "GeoMAN.py" and "base_model.py" and both of them are well commented. To train or test our model, please follow the presented notebooks.

## License
GeoMAN is released under the MIT License (refer to the LICENSE file for details).
